1. Do all HTML elements require a closing tag?
a) Yes, all HTML elements must have a closing tag
b) No, some HTML elements do not have a closing tag
c) It depends on the version of HTML being used
Answer: b
2. What is the primary difference between static and dynamic web pages?
a) Static web pages are easier to maintain than dynamic web pages
b) Dynamic web pages are faster to load than static web pages
c) Static web pages are pre-built and do not change, while dynamic web pages are built on-the-fly and can be customized for each user
Answer: c
3. .Which HTML tag is used to define an internal CSS style sheet?
a) < css >
b) < script >
c) <style>
Answer: c
4. What’s the purpose of the margin Property in CSS?
a. To specify the space between an element’s border and its content
b. To specify the space between an element’s content and it’s padding
c. To specify the space between an element and the other elements
Answer: c
5. Which property is used to align items across the page from left to right in a flex container?
a. align-items
b. justify-content
c. Align-content
Answer : b
6. How to create an input field to upload a file?
a. <input upload=”abc.txt”>
b. <input type=”file”>
c. <input name=”file”>
Answer: b
7. What are the valid states that a link can have?
a. Visited, Hover, Focus, AcHve
b. unvisited, Fixed, Pointer, inacHve
c. unvisited, Focus, inacHve, pointer
Answer: a
8. What is a valid absolute unit?
a. %
b. Px
c. None of the above
Answer: b
9. Which of the following statements is most accurate for the CSS property "text-align: justify;"?
a) It aligns text to the center of the container
b) It justifies the text to both the left and right margins of the container
c) It aligns text to the left of the container
Answer: b
10. Which of the following statements best describes the difference between inline block and inline elements in HTML?
a) Inline-block elements can have a width and height, while inline elements cannot.
b) Inline-block elements cannot have padding or margin properties, while inline elements can.
c) Inline-block elements disrupt the flow of text, while inline elements display elements side by side.
Answer: a
